
## Backstory

there was once a young beautiful maiden who often sat alone by the river side. The maiden was a child of an illegitimate marriage between a God and a human. Given her backstory, she understood what it meant to be an outcast as neither side of her family was able to give her the feeling of acceptance she desired. She lived together with her mother on an isolated part of the river side after being banished and abandoned from the realm of Gods. Her mother being human, passed away when she was in her early teens in appearance.

One day, an injured God appeared by the lakefront and was helped by the recovery powers of the lone maiden. He was enticed by her beauty and sparked a conversation starting from expressing his gratitude, in hopes of befriending the maiden. The God enjoyed her company and the maiden enjoyed listening to him. They shared stories and spent time on the same schedule each day that they got closely acquainted after quite some time. The maiden fell for The God, then he decides to wed the maiden and the maiden agrees because of the comfort the God gave to the maiden. They later had several offspring and days continues to cycle like a dream for the maiden. Unbeknownst to the maiden, the previously mentioned God was already a husband to a Goddess. The Goddess soon caught wind of what has been going on between the God and the maiden. Enraged, the Goddess slowly devised and executed a plan to remove the maiden’s child one by one without anyone knowing. At the same time, the Goddess also put a suspicion on the God that made restrictions on his movements and decisions, thus resulting in the inability to see the maiden as often.

The Goddess put a curse on the maiden that will slowly consume her the more negative emotions she’s feeling so that the change and downfall of the maiden’s life can only be seen as her own fault. As time goes, the maiden fell into despair more and more, losing her child to random causes one by one until there were none left, while the maiden turns more and more monster-like in the process. On one of the visits, The God had taught the maiden shape shifting skills, but since the curse was adaptive to her emotions, the shape shift does not stick for long. The healing capability of the maiden didn’t work either since she was not physically scarred in any way. The God visits her less and less until eventually left her for good, labelling her as a “bad omen” and “seducer” for losing the life of each one of their child and for making him enticed by her beauty.

In the end, the maiden turned into a lamia whose heart completely filled with rage, jealousy and resentment to those who was born with a “fortunate” fate. She’d kill both men and children all equally out of blind rage, to escape and cope with what her life has been up to that point. To blame everything on fate to make her feel freed from the stress she had to endure her whole life and eventually earning her numerous titles from those who fear her. Putting an end to her life have come to mind numerous times, but since her recovery rate is so high, it’s practically impossible for her to do so. Since the concept of time is different for Gods, who knows for how long she’s been blinded by rage or if she still feel the same over decades of rampaging. Maybe emptiness is the only thing she’ll eventually feel in the end.


## A new leaf?

One day several decades later, the lamia had felt that there’s no meaning in an endless rampage and have tried her best to suppress her negative emotions from taking over. On her aimless hunt, she saw a village being pillaged, yet the townspeople seems to be too weak to even fight back. The lamia plans to sneak in from behind and steal the remaining resources in town while everyone is busy on the front lines, but got caught by one of the pillagers and was assaulted immediately. The lamia had no choice but to fight back and sure enough, she made short work of the pillagers.

At the end of it, all she could see was bodies everywhere, a field patched with red and crimson, and some remaining villagers bowing down at her presence, thinking that they were saved. Initially, the lamia wanted to strike them too, but the sight of the village children made her hesitate. Their parents must’ve fallen during the raid, yet they’re holding back their tears and instead thanking me despite my appearance, she thought. This made her remember her own children way back decades ago. She decided to leave the situation as is and flee to the forest, but she was invited by one of the children to come and stay for a while in the village. Fear was painted on the faces of the remaining villagers, but the village chief had welcomed her because of the debt of saving them.

As she slithers behind the village chief, she saw a lot of people injured from the fight, crops that have been trampled, and houses that got damaged by the raid. She helped them recover, as that’s what she does best since early age. Working with the remaining survivors made their bond grew tighter and she would finally end up gaining a new place she could call home. There, she was accepted, she was helped to overcome her fears and trauma, so she returned the favor by helping the small village recover to the best of her ability. She would heal them whenever one of them gets injured, help them when the crops grew badly, cure the livestock when they gets sick, and rebuilt the village using her physical strength and speed.

They were all like a family to her in the end, and they felt the same way towards her. She stayed there and watched the children whose lives she saved, play, be happy and grew into fine people, which she has never been able to do to her own children. As thanks, the villagers gathered together to make a temple for the lamia to reside in. She felt like she was given a second chance, an opportunity for her to get what she wished since long ago. The lamia who had forgotten how it felt like after decades of being consumed by her own thoughts and despair, was finally happy and felt fulfilled once more.


## The downfall

as decades gone by, the population grew and thrive with the help of the lamia. Those who stood by her side in the beginning of the village reformation, has mostly gone by then. All that’s left is a folklore, describing the glory of the Lamia when she first came into the village. A cult eventually was created to worship the Lamia and new traditions came to be as a result. At first, the Lamia felt pretty okay with it because every month, they would bring her an offering. They were just giving gifts in her eyes, oblivious to the fact that there were so much more happening in the background. Soon, the lamia felt a distance between her and the village she once saved. Instead of a family, it felt more like she was being objectified as this omnipotent deity that has nothing to do with them but to grant their wishes.

They share the same blood, yet are completely different from the people I knew them to be back then. All of them are gone now, replaced by their successors, yet I remain the same, she thought. Soon, the negative emotions starts to resurface and slowly consuming her from within. She knew she had to do something about it, otherwise the same thing will just end up happening again. With that resolve, she shut herself inside the temple for a long while so that no one will get hurt.

As years passed, people would eventually become skeptical because the lamia had never gone out nor does she attend to any traditional events. Slowly but surely, the cult grew larger and those who oppose the idea starts to show up. People would try to the extremes to bring back and ask for her help such as to sacrifice a fellow human just to wish for a miracle to happen. At the same time, people who wished to start a revolution took their chances to strike, resulting in an infighting between beliefs.

The lamia caught wind of this a bit too late and realized that it was not just because she was easily swayed that things had ended up this way. No matter where she goes, as long as she involves herself with others, she can never truly be freed from all the pain and suffering that comes with it. Everything has their tradeoffs. The more she desire, the more she had to compromise. The more she takes, the more she loses. The more she tries to hold on to everything, the more things got out of control.

She now realizes that she had never been truly grateful and feel like what she had is enough. Only now after everything she went through, that she understood the preciousness of her life before turning into a lamia; a simple, quiet, peaceful, and humble life, which she also feel after being grateful that time when she met someone else that accepted her for who she was, or that time when she helped the village survivors.


## Epilogue

With that resolve in mind, she got out of the temple amidst the civil war, and ends her very creation with a sad and regretful expression on her face. Then decides to live alone in the ghost town while preserving the temple which the villagers that she had seen as family built for her. It was the only thing left available for her to reminisce those times she had in the past in which she truly hold dear.


---
### Sources

- [[Text Sources]]