
It was another peaceful sunny day. The time has come yet again for [[Gronk]] to do what he always do every year.

As the one and only mechanic around, Gronk took a walk around the village downstream to check if any device needs repairing as always. As he walked around, people greets him as someone of a high importance. They cared for this old [[Pawn]] as one of their own.

A long time ago, a battle took place on a grassy plains surrounded by a thick forest. The battle was initiated by a group of pillagers raiding a small village. The village was ruined and most of the people were slaughtered. At the end of the pillage, they burned the village down which also burned a part of the forest. The ecosystem was damaged and anything living there could feel the impact of the event. A girl from the village had survived and ran deeper into the forest. The young girl had a strong build as she’s trained to handle daily adult chores and was taught basic swordsmanship by her father before the tragedy happened. There, she met a lone young pawn standing on her path to escape. The pawn was considerably younger than her. It was confused, scared, and abandoned by its own kin. Without a second thought, the girl intends to beat the pawn so that she can survive, but the pawn means no harm and trembles in fear while trying to protect it’s head. She couldn’t bring herself to beat and let the pawn die to the fire because she had thought of putting herself in its shoes. She couldn’t rescue any of her friends back in the village that had died because of the pillagers, so she tried to save this one from getting trapped and die instead. She took its arm and dragged it to run along with her in order to escape the forest. They soon arrived at a cliff side, deeper in the forest, with quite the view of a waterfall across the cliff. There, she built a temporary settlement to sleep safely for the day. Both of them have lost their home and have nowhere else to go. Like a lost little child, the pawn refuses to leave the girl alone to survive on its own, so they just decided to survive together after that. The girl taught the pawn all it needs to know to survive such as human language, survival skills, hunting skills, etc. The pawn soon took an interest on human technology as it fascinates him. The girl decided to keep pursuing her dream of becoming a warrior just like her late father. Both to follow his footsteps and to be strong enough to help and prevent the same tragedy from happening again.

As time flows and years gone by, they both decided to finally leave the forest to pursue their dreams.

The girl realizes that the average human would show hostility towards the pawn if they saw him, so she intends to first make a name for herself so that the pawn which has always stuck beside her would also be accepted. Years pass and the girl would be known as a strong and intelligent to the townsfolk. She thought that after all that, they would also think of the pawn as good. unfortunately, that was not the case. The pawn would eventually gain their trust when the same band of pillager tried to raid the town with bigger and stronger. they both protected the townsfolk from the riot and the pawn finally gained recognition while the girl unfortunately, fell.

Like a fairy tale, Gronk always told the story of [[💤 The Clever Girl and The Gentle Beast]] to Aya, but she never really understood that it was a real event and it just slowly fades somewhere deep in her memory. Gronk always visits that place each year because he promised to his now deceased wife that he’d come every year to pay respects. Had she never stopped to help him in their youth, he wouldn’t have lived to tell the tale, and Aya would have never been rescued.